hi my name is Sean Blackburn with kalos
services today we're gonna be talking
about checking refrigerant pressures and
amp redraw readings on the condenser
unit alright let's take a look
alright so we've already tested the
capacitors what we want to do now is
make sure the system is in cool mood and
that's been running for at least 5-10
minutes we're doing here is taken off
the Schrader valve cap so we're going to
check to make sure that those rubber
seals are still inside alright now here
we're going to have our pressure gauges
these are digital so we want to make
sure that we have the right settings and
this unit uses r410a I'm gonna connect
the red hose to the liquid line and this
hoses for high pressures now some
refrigerant may escape as I attach these
hoses but that's alright and next I'm
going to attach the yellow hose to the
suction line now normally your suction
line hose used for low pressure is blue
but we have a different a different
color hooked up here so
all right so here I'm going to attach
the temperature clamp to the liquid line
in order to find the sub cool now we're
going to give it a second to equalize
here and get some good readings
all right so we're gonna get some
readings off of our digital gauge here
and now on the right side we have our
pressure which is in psig and we've got
the sub cool below that and we're gonna
hook this up here and on the left side
there's a low pressure suction reading
and the superheat below that in this
case though there's an indoor TXV
controlling the superheat so we'll use
the sub cool to find it now this charge
is within the correct specifications so
that's good and it checks out all fine
all right now this is my digital
multimeter and we're gonna check the
amperage draws of the condenser fan and
the compressor but first I'm going to
check my voltage now this system runs on
240 volts so we take a look here looks
good all right now we're gonna find the
black wire and it's the common wire from
the condenser fan in order to get its
reading so that we grab that there
that's up to specifications so that
checks out now we're gonna find and look
for a thicker gauge black wire coming
from the top of the contactor it's
called the common wire for the
compressor we're gonna get its reading
let me see there you got a good reading
there as well - that looks good
all right so that's pretty much it
that's how we read pressures and ampere
readings at the condenser we thank you
for watching if you have any questions
visit us at our website there Kalish
florida.com or call us at three five two
three four three seven zero eight a
thanks and have a great day